  # cyberbeat03.github.io

Welcome to the new site. With any luck, you'll be able to download some simple apps I've written. Here are two that have been setup. Oh yea and don't forget to read the {license}(license) which applies to all the available content. 

{SpeakOut Trial}(/SpeakOutTrial)

This is an app that has many different uses. It was originally written to speak and store commands for a smart speaker. I could never remember the commands so I wrote this app to remember and speak them for me. However, it can also be useful for assisting people who have vocal impairments. you may have an accent, studder or other vocal problems which could make it difficult for you to be understood. SpeakOut let's you simply type what you want to say and have the computer do the talking. It's a work in progress, but you can try it out here. It will create a list of your commonly used commands or phraises. Press the "Remember" button to start or add to your own personallized list which makes it simple to select an item in the list  so you no longer even have to type anything. Selecting it from the list will automatically fill it in for you. If there is no list then you probably haven't started one. The list gets created the first time you hit the "Remember" button. So, if you haven't used the remember feature before the list will not show up on the screen. However, pressing "Remember" will start creating the list.

{Phone Number Converter}(http://cyberbeat03.github.io/SpeakOutTrial)
You hear or see it all the time. A company or organization will give out a catchy easy-to-remember phone number which uses their name in the phone number. For instance, "just call us at 1-800-CallUsNow for more information". Well, that's all well and good... accept when you actually try to call it or enter it as into your contacts. You end up stairing at the keypad on your phone searching for the numbers corresponding to those letters you're supposed to dial. This process can be very frustrating and time consuming. That's where this app comes in. You just load the app, type in the number including the letter and press "Convert". Now you have the exact number to dial on the screen ready to dialed or entered where eer you need it.